Victoria Louise Schofield
39 Yearsley Crescent
York
North Yorkshire
YO31 8RS

Tel: 07527272046
Email: Vickylou88@live.co.uk



Work Experience:


BHS Homestore

My most recent employment was with BHS Homestore, Monks Cross, for 30 hours a week as a Supervisor at the in-store Restaurant. I started work here on the 10th November 2010, and I finished working here on the 7th January 2011. My main duties as Supervisor was to make sure that the daily tasks were delegated and completed to a satisfactory level, such as serving customers, cleaning down and date checking food. I was also responsible for dealing with any customer complaints and having to resolve any issues or problems. I cooked breakfast and lunch on a daily basis, cooked food to order, and prepared food for the next day. Other duties included keeping tables and floors clean and tidy for customers, serving on the hot plate and on the till and washing dishes.


Barnitts

I previously worked at Barnitts, and I started work there on 26th April 2010, finishing on the 20th October 2010. I was a Full-Time Sales Assistant and I worked on the Housewares and Domestic Counters, serving customers and helping them with their enquiries. I was also in charge of the electrical department, where it was my duty to replenish the stock on a daily basis, to re-order stock and to meet up with Reps in store, to order new items and to return faulty goods. I also helped with general stock taking tasks and I contributed towards keeping the shop clean and tidy.


Nestle UK Ltd

From 11th June 2007 to 12th October 2009 I worked at Nestle, York. Whilst there, I had the opportunity to work in three different departments.

My last role was as the Administration Assistant in the KitKat 5 Factory, and I started my role there on the 20th July 2009. I had the task of creating and running a number of different Ad Hoc Reports for the Factory Shift Managers on a daily basis. I also had the responsibility of raising Purchase Orders and paying invoices, ordering the departmental stationery and answering the telephone for general enquiries.

Prior to this, I worked in HR on the Learning and Development Team, as a Learning and Development Administrator and HR Advisor. I started work in this department on the 29th September on a 12 month Secondment from Consumer Services. My main duties were to book people from across the business onto training courses and to carry out the appropriate administration tasks before, during and after each event. I also had to deal with internal and external telephone calls coming through to the HR Call Centre on a daily basis and to help with general enquiries. I was also responsible for raising and processing Purchase Orders, and paying invoices.

My first job role at Nestle was Administration Executive in Consumer Services. I started work on the 11th June 2007, and continued to work in this department for just under a year and a half. My main duties were to provide administrative support to the whole department, and to keep an internal database up to date with new products. This also included some telephone calls to internal and external customers on a daily basis.



Page 1 of 2

Victoria Louise Schofield - CV

ASDA

Prior to Nestle, I worked at Asda, Monks Cross, from March to May 2007 on the Food Counters. I dealt with customers face-to-face every day, serving them and helping them with any problems or enquiries. My other duties included keeping the food freezers stocked up with fresh food, keeping the preparation areas clean and tidy and also stock taking and replenishing stock on the shelves.


Boots

I worked at Boots, Coney Street, as a Christmas Temp, from September 2006 to January 2007, when I first moved to York. My main role was to serve customers on the tills, help them pack their bags, and to keep the shop floor generally clean and presentable.






Education:

Cheadle & Maple Sixth Form College      
        
Marple  
        
Sept 2005  Dec 2005

Marple Hall High School 
        
        
        
Marple  
        
Oct 2000  July 2004

Bishop Wand C of E      
        
        
        
Sunbury 
        
Sept 1999  Sept 2000



Qualifications:

A.S
        
Sociology       
        
        
D
        
Art and Design  
        
        
E
        
Communication Studies   
        
E
        
IT Key Skills   
        
        
Pass


GCSE
        
8 GCSEs grade A-C, including Maths and English


NVQ Business and Administration, Level 2

        
Business and Communication Systems      
        
Pass
        
Legislation in the Business Environment 
        
Pass
        
Develop and Self Organisation   
        
        
Pass
        
Principles of Business Administration   
        
Pass
        
Word Processing 
        
        
        
        
Distinction
        
Presentation Graphics   
        
        
        
Credit


References:

Referees available on request




Page 2 of 2


