Name:  Kara Johnson



31 Maude Terrace

St Helens Auckland

Bishop Auckland

DL14 9BD



Phone number: 07532163522



E-mail address: kara.johnson@hotmail.co.uk



Personal Statement

I like to see myself as a motivated, confident and hard working person. I am an honest, loyal and trustworthy person.

I have excellent communication and interpersonal skills; I have the ability to work as a team player but also I’m equally capable of working as an individual. I am eager to learn new things within my work place and I have a willing to learn attitude. I also like to think that I am a very organized and punctual person. I have a strong interest in IT and would love a job within IT as it has always been something that I have been very interested in. I also have enthusiasm in learning skills and developing them on a professional and personal basis.





Education:

Bishop Auckland College
2008/2009

From Bishop Auckland college I gained a 

BTEC Level 2 ICT System Support Qualification 





Experience:

Staindrop Primary School (Work experience)

For my work experience at Staindrop primary school I worked as a classroom assistant which meant I had to have good communication skills to communicate with the teacher and to be able to perform tasks for her within the classroom. I performed the tasks exceptionally well and was able to communicate with both the teacher and the children very effectively. I also had to help organize the classroom for the teacher and the children on a morning before they arrived. I learned these new skills quickly and efficiently demonstrating my adaptability. 



Bishop Auckland College Client Services (Work experience)

For my second work experience I was placed for a work placement in a very busy office of the college. Client Services deals with enrolling students on to courses, helping students with their career advice, dealing with visitors and students on the reception, working the switch board and phones and dealing with the post. In my placement I experienced a busy office environment and worked very well in these situations. I worked on the reception desk on my own at a very busy time of the day where I dealt with visitors, answered the phones, inputted appointments into the diary, and worked the switchboard which I did very efficiently. I also performed general administration and office tasks within the office and have learnt quickly and efficiently during this work placement.









Capita (EMA)

Recently I was working for Capita in the EMA department as an Administration Assistant. My normally day to day work tasks included making call outs to EMA applicants, processing application forms, High levels of data entry, QA checking the application forms and general administration tasks, I performed all of these tasks to a very high standard and also made sure that I had a good work ethic throughout. Within this work role I had a lot of responsibilities as I QA checked the application forms to a thorough degree and ensured that everything has been completed correctly, Doing this I ensured that all application forms went to the right addresses and also kept the high standard of work that the EMA expected.

My other responsibilities within that work role included making sure that when speaking to applicants on the phone that they understood everything about their EMA process and if there was an issue that it was dealt with promptly and professionally with this I acquired excellent communication skills and was able to deal with the customer’s requirements efficiently.

I have experienced a busy office environment in this role and have acquired a wide range of skills that will be very useful in my future administration career.

  





  


References:



Mark Oxley 

Bishop Auckland College

Woodhouse Lane

Bishop Auckland

DL14 6JZ

01388 443000



                                                                      Caroline Harrison

                                                               5 Tayport Close

Ashbrooke

Darlington

DL1 3TG                                                                             

                                                                                  07905485434