
                                                              26 Edgar Grove
                                                             Bishop Auckland
                                                               County Durham
                                                                    DL14 7QL
                                               Email: john_mac90@hotmail.com
                                                            Tel: 01388602623
                                                         Mobile: 07816380657

                                                             13 January 2011

Andrew Harrow
Baxter Personnel

Dear Mr Harrow

Reference: Administrator

I  am  writing  to  apply  for  the  above   position   as   advertised   on
Direct.gov.uk.  I am keen to return  to  employment  and  I  am  willing  to
undertake a Work Trial in order to prove I have  the  necessary  skills  for
this type of role.

I have gained skills and experience which I feel would be beneficial to  any
prospective employer.  These include all aspects of Administration.  I  have
also gained experience working in data entry,  producing  reports,  payroll,
stock control, maintaining  databases  and  general  administration  duties.
Other skills gained include working to  deadlines,  working  as  part  of  a
team, manual handling; basic food hygiene and health and  safety  awareness.


I am an honest, reliable and pleasant person  with  excellent  interpersonal
skills and the ability to communicate at all levels.  I enjoy variety in  my
work and adapt well to new environments.  I have a polite,  friendly  manner
and work well both alone or as part of a team.   I  am  very  responsive  to
training and I am willing to undertake any  training  necessary  to  develop
both my personal and vocational skills in the workplace.

I have enclosed a copy of my CV with details of my skills and experience  to
date and I am available to start work immediately.

Thank you for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you.

Yours sincerely

John McCormack

Enc. CV
