

Amardeep Brar
                                    139 New Road, South Darenth, DARTFORD,
KENT DA4 9AS
                                                 braramardeep@gmail.com,
07735379054

Professional Objective

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in an organization
that offers professional growth while being highly competent, innovative
and flexible. I have Keen interest in being a functional specialist as
Software Engineer . I am self motivated, ambitious and responsible company
representative.

Certification

      •    OCA (Oracle Certified Associate)
     •     OCP (Oracle Certified Professional)

Computer Skill Set

   •  Programming Languages :
      C++, PHP, Oracle10g, PL/SQL, HTML and CSS, Java (RDBMS, Core, JDBC,
      Servlets, JSP, Beans, XML with Java) .


   •  Software Packages :
      VB, Visual Studio Console Application, MS Office, JBuilder IDE,
      Netbeans 5.5 IDE.


   •  Operating Systems:
          Windows 2000/XP/Vista, Linux


         •      Networking :
             TCP/IP, WAN/LAN Design, Cabling, Routing, Routing
Configration, Firewalls

Education

Sept 2008 – Sept 2009

University of East Anglia, Norwich, UK
MSc. Computing Science
Modules Include: Application Programming (JAVA); Research Techniques;
Database Manipulation; Internet and Multimedia Techniques; Computer
Networks; System Engineering Issues.

Dissertation -This project was aimed at  Research and Designing an
Algorithm for Timetabling Problem (NP- Hard Problem) in universities using
Meta heuristic Techniques (Genetic Algorithms and Grasp). In this project
firstly various IEEE and PATAT publications was studied for research work
and then was implemented using Java programming language and Genetic
Algorithms.

 July 2002 – Dec 2007

Punjab Technical University, Punjab, India
B. Tech Electrical Engineering
Modules Include: Object oriented Programming (C++), Digital Electronics,
Microprocessors and Interfacing, Numerical analysis, Electronic devices and
circuits, Power Electronics, Human Resource Management.

Dissertation- Implemented a Home Automation System, which connected the
entire home electric system to a single computer through which it can be
controlled and operated.(passed with distinction in this project.

Employment

Web developer(PHP/MySQL), Dextrous Tech. Ltd. (Mohali, India), March 2010-
August 2010

•  Developing web based software development projects
• Designing and developing the corporate websites
• Designing and developing relational database systems and their web
interfaces
• Responsible for integrating the SQL Server database with the company
website
• Testing the site for functionality in different browsers and at different
resolutions


  Hardware/Network Engineer, Romantech (Bathinda, India), April 2008-August
2008

•  Installing, supporting and maintaining new server hardware and software
infrastructure
•  Managing all system back-up and restoring, protocol
• Performing troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and
associated systems
• Monitoring system performance and implements performance tuning
• Planning and implementing future IT developments and undertaking project
work
• Maintaining wide area networks, tracks significant problems, monitoring
performance, and performing upgrades to hardware and software as required


Personal Information

    • Strengths:
             Fast learner & hard worker, Confident, Team Worker, Ability to
   lead the team and like to work in competitive environment

    •  Languages Known:
              English, Hindi and Punjabi

Extra Curricular Activities and Achievements

I was the captain of my school cricket team and won second prize at
National level Tournament (out of twelve teams). I love to explore new
technology and other hobbies are to travel, listening music.

References

 Dr. Wenjia Wang                                               Dr. Geoff
Mckeown
 Senior Lecturer                                                  Senior
Lecturer
 School of Computing Science                           School of Computing
Science
 University of East Anglia, Norwich, UK             University of East
Anglia, Norwich, UK
 wjw@uea.ac.uk
G.Mckeown@uea.ac.uk
 Tel: +44 (0)1603 59 2577                                  Tel:  +44
(0)1603 59 2606









