
MR LEE OWENS
          11 Helston Close, Sutton Park, Runcorn, Cheshire, WA7 6AA
                  Tel: 01928 715540 e-mail: lee1902@sky.com
|Profile                                                           |


NVQ Qualified extrusion technician, results driven with experience in
teamwork and working to tight deadlines. Good problem solving abilities,
identifying potential problems and recommending preventative action.
Skilled ability to set a vision and then motivate personnel to strive for
that vision. Aware that quality control is integral to performance and
productivity. Seeking a position to build upon practical and highly
developed technical knowledge and skills.
|Key Achievements                                                  |


    ➢ Completion of NVQ level 2 - Extrusion and Polymers
    ➢ Reviewing the production certificate and setup sheets resulted in a
      10% increase in productivity
    ➢ 15% reduction in downtime and scrap waste.
    ➢ Achieved least waste and highest quality rates continuously for
      several months.
|Work History and Experience                                       |


2006 - Present Alma Products Ltd
Responsibilities: Setting up production using set up sheets. Managing
production of extruded sheet to job order specification. Quality monitoring
to eliminate waste. Responsible for training and coaching members of the
shift team. Assisting individuals to achieve targets.
Achievements:  Shift has achieved least waste and highest quality rates
continuously for several months. Completion of NVQ level 2 - Extrusion and
Polymers
2005 - 2006 Hampson Precision Automotive
Responsibilities: Grade 2 machine operator- producing parts for injection
systems for diesel engines ensuring quality and quantity targets were met.
Multi skilled across the range of operating processes.
Achievements: regularly exceeded daily targets
1997 - 2005 Alma Products Ltd
Responsibilities: Assist and support the shift manager in maximising the
performance of the shift. Deputise for the shift manager during holiday
periods or absences.  Support training and development of new and existing
team members. Minimise downtime on job changes and reduce scrap ratio.
Achievements: Secured process technician position with the added
responsibility of setting up 4 production lines. Reviewing the production
certificate and setup sheets resulted in a 10% increase in productivity.
15% reduction in downtime and scrap waste.
1995 - 1997 Fibre & Furnaces
Responsibilities: Insulation of furnaces at sites across the country i.e.
British Steel and ICI. Driving equipments and resources to site. Attending
inductions for each site to ensure all safety procedures had been signed
off before insulation. Working to tight timescales to meet furnace closure
period.
1992 - 1995 Swainston & Son Co. Durham
Responsibilities: loading and unloading of pallets and individual cases to
and from trailers, picking appropriate cases according to order and placing
the orders on carts. Deliver of orders to customers.
1989 - 1992 Electrolux Co. Durham
Responsibilities: production and testing of motors for vacuum cleaners and
lawnmowers.　
|Other Experience                                                  |


NVQ level 2 - Extrusion and Polymers
Good general computer skills
Wide experience of shift working
References Available Upon Request

