
Michael R

Michael R. Sayles
mrsayles22@earthlink.net
111 West Hamilton Avenue, Sherrill, New York   13461             
Cell - (315) 762-7444       


QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY 

· Accounting and financial management professional with 20+ years experience providing accurate financial analysis, reporting and value-added advisory services to maximize profits and ensuring regulatory compliance, including Sarbanes – Oxley.
· Highly regarded for effective communication with senior management and strategic business partners, achievement orientation, management of multiple priorities, problem solving skills, negotiating abilities, motivational capacity, business sense, persistence, enthusiasm, and respect for others.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
	Compliance

· Sarbanes – Oxley  

· GAAP

· SEC

· Tax 
	Finance

· Budgeting and forecasting
· ROI and capital investment analysis
· Financing and project funding
· Variance analysis

	Accounting

· General accounting (A/R., A/P, payroll, etc.)

· Cost accounting

· Asset / property accounting

· Consolidated financial statements

	Leadership
· Advise and support senior management team

· Regulatory and operational reporting

· Identify profit maximization opportunities 


ACCOMPLISHMENTS

· Oversaw all financial aspects of $40 million nonprofit organization with 700+ employees (including accounting, reporting, analysis, treasury, audit, purchasing, policy development, leasing, financing, building acquisitions, rate negotiations, etc.) and assisted in agency growth by 35% over a 3+ year period. 
· Directly supported manufacturing unit with $500 million in annual production costs, oversaw capital expenditure program, property leases, RFPs and cost estimating for international program operations. 
· Coordinated and assisted the Site/Division Capital Investment programs in excess of $1.0 Billion over the last 10 years including analysis and preparation of proposals – presentations to Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS) Senior Management – project implementation monitoring, reporting and post completion reviews.
· Co-Led Sarbanes – Oxley initiative for Financial Planning and Manufacturing Accounting groups allowing senior-most executive to confidently certify the accuracy of all accounting processes and financial statements.

· Reduced departmental head count by 33 % (27 to 18 employees) over the last 7 years and reduced overall operating budgets for my group by 50% ($3.2 million to $1.6 million).

· Co-Led Divisional overtime reduction initiative for multiple sites which included reviewing, analyzing, implementing new pay policies in order to reduce divisional overtime by 25% resulting in savings to the division of $2 million.

· SAP Implementation Initiative Finance Team Lead in Syracuse.  System significantly enhanced reporting capabilities, provided a basis for report consolidation across divisions, and reduced operating costs.
· Developed internal control standards, including evaluation and documentation of all site departments and functions to ensure compliance with internal and external (PwC) audit requirements. 

Michael R. Sayles
Page 2 of 2
PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Selected)
· Co-lead development of Center of Excellence for the divisions’ monitoring, reporting, and Sarbanes – Oxley compliance for EPA Super fund sites throughout the United States.

· Developed and implemented post-completion audit procedure for capital projects for the division and local site to ensure accurate accounting and reporting of all project expenditures.

· Developed internal capital appropriation training program for all functional site operations to ensure compliance with Bristol-Myers Squibb accounting policies and procedures.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Financial Consultant 
Sayles Financial Consulting, Inc. 
2012– Pres.
Chief Financial Officer 
Liberty Resources, Syracuse, NY 
2008 – 2012
Director/ Manufacturing Finance 
Lockheed Martin, Syracuse, NY
 2005 – 2008 

Sr. Manager Finance & Admin.
Bristol-Myers Squibb, Syracuse, NY
   2002 – 2005
Manager Financial Planning
Bristol-Myers Squibb, Syracuse, NY
   1991 – 2002 
Manager Capital Planning
Bristol-Myers Squibb, New Brunswick, NJ
   1989 – 1991 
Senior Financial Analyst
Bristol-Myers Squibb, Syracuse, NY      
   1986 – 1989
Chief Financial Officer
Wademark Inc., Utica, NY
   1985 – 1986 
Financial Accountant
ICL Inc., Utica, NY      
   1983 – 1985
Financial Accountant
Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, NY
1980 – 1983
RELATED PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES

President – Board of Directors
Liberty Resources, Syracuse, NY
City Commissioner
City of Sherrill, Sherrill, NY

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
Sarbanes – Oxley  
PricewaterhouseCoopers
2004
Advanced Project Management 
University of Michigan
1997
Project Management 
AMA
1994

EDUCATION
MBA
Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY  
In progress
BS - Accounting
LeMoyne College, Syracuse, NY
1980

+++++++++++++++++++++++++



